.\" Copyright 2018 Scott Court
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
.\" of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), todeal
.\" in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
.\" rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
.\" sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.\"
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
.\" all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
.\" FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
.\" IN THE SOFTWARE.
.TH PICKLE 8 2018-11-02 "Cucumber Linux 2.0" "Linux System Administrator's Manual"
.SH NAME
pickle \- package installer and updater

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pickle
[OPTION]
[SEARCH_STRING]

.SH DESCRIPTION
When used without any arguments, pickle will check for any new packages or any
existing packages that have updates available. It will then ask which packages
you would like to install/update.
.PP
When a single argument is specified, pickle will search for packages whose name
contains that argument. It will then provide the option to download and install
them.
.PP
Note: it is a good idea to run 'pickle --update' before installing or
updating packages.
.PP
Supported Options:
.TP
\fB--file-search <file>\fR
Searches for and lists packages that contain the file <file>.
.TP
\fB--hard-update\fR
Updates the local package list, resetting the list of any updates you may have
previously chosen to ignore.
.TP
\fB--help\fR
Displays a help message.
.TP
\fB--update\fR
Updates the local package list.
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Displays version information and exists.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.IP \fBROOT\fP
When set, causes $ROOT to be used as the root directory of the system instead
of /.

.SH FILES
.nf
/etc/pickle.conf
/etc/pickle.d/
.fi

.SH HISTORY
Pickle first appeard in Cucumber Linux 1.0.

.SH AUTHOR
Pickle was written by Scott Court (scott@cucumberlinux.com).

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR installpkg (8)
.BR removepkg (8)
.BR upgradepkg (8)
.BR pkgtool (8)

